(next-urql) - add example of using the built-in data-fetching functions (#1168)
FormidableLabs/urql: .changeset/curvy-terms-dress.md

---
'@urql/core': patch
---

> Don't return `undefined` in the serialized ssr-result, this would crash in Next.JS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't add `undefined` to any property of the `ssrExchange`'s serialized results, as this would crash in Next.js
```
